Issue #2170: New check for getContractAt() (#2916)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: packages/hardhat-ethers/README.md

If there is no signer available, `getContractAt` returns [read-only](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/single-page/#/v5/api/contract/contract/-%23-Contract--readonly) contracts.

> If a non-contract address is provided to `getContractAt`, an error will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the address provided to `getContractAt` is not the address of a contract account, an error will be thrown.
```
